[Music]
you've got two choices in life choice
one you can become somebody else choice
- you can become yourself now I really
wish that there was only one choice but
in truth there's not in most people
choose to try to become someone else
because it's a road map its points in
the direction you see someone you
respond to something you admire them you
want to be like them and in that process
you've made your decision in that
process you've decided to become
somebody else you have mistaken the
finger for the moon instead you need to
understand that being inspired by
somebody does not mean to become that
person to become that which inspires you
it is to understand fundamentally what
is it about that thing that excites you
what is it what is its essence and when
you can find its essence then you can
find out how it would apply to you
becoming you and as then she says flower
does not think about competing with the
flower next to it it just blooms and
that's really your job is to see the
outside world to see the flower next to
you to understand the amazing things
that are happening all around you all of
the incredible people and the essence of
what they have and what it is that
they've done to bring inside yourself
and find out what does that look like
when it's me not what do I look like
when I'm them and once you understand
the difference between that then you can
really begin to be something unique you
can become that thing that you were
meant to be that thing that makes you
feel alive and whole and that's it
that's the secret you're just trying to
be something not that's just inspiring
to other people but that you actually
want to wake up every day and
and that's the thing about it
some escaping you whatever you become a
lie the truth somebody else yourself
whatever it is there's been every day of
your life there and as Albert Einstein
said everybody's a genius but if you
judge a fish by its ability to climb a
tree it will live it's whole life
believing that it's stupid that's what
confuses people people believe that
they're done because they're not finding
their path they're not defining things
based on what excites them and what they
want to live with every day they're just
looking to what the outside world says
is good and I think it's incredible that
there are other people doing things that
are so extraordinary that we aspire to
be like that but you have to understand
the difference between being like
someone and trying to actually eat them
so if what inspires you is that somebody
works hard work hard if what inspires
you is that somebody gets up every time
they fail get up every time you fail if
what you like is that they're themselves
with all their weird eccentricities and
quirks then be true to your
eccentricities and quirks but don't try
to embody their eccentricities and
quirks that's the surest way to become
the fish that thinks it's stupid because
it's being judged by trying to climb a
tree
so with Scott Belsky said when 99% of
the people doubt your idea
you're either gravely wrong or about to
make history and that's the terrifying
part you're not gonna know you're not
gonna know the difference but if you're
chasing somebody else's path if your
whole game is emulation if your whole
game is to mimic that which inspires you
you will never find the thing that's
real about you and look I don't know
about you but I can be wrong I can be
gravely wrong I can have people think me
an idiot and try something and fail as
long as it was true to me because then
the lesson that I'm gonna learn is going
to apply it's gonna take me an ever step
closer to actually being the person that
I want to become that I want to live
with every day I can't be
if I don't understand who I want to be
so look inward identify your path
identify what excites you and go after
it as if your life depends on it because
in truth it does
[Music]